Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
This kid's not Crosby.
Fletcher, well maybe.
Fletcher?
As in Stevie Fletcher?
You're showing your age now.
Come on. Get real.
I feel like I'm the only one
who's being real at this point.
Have you seen the
Slaughter kid skate though?
We have a station hockey team.
You've seen me skate.
I can skate.
This kid plays hockey
like he's in the NBA.
He doesn't even see the ice!
Yeah, but he scores goals.
That's what you do in hockey.
He misses opportunities with his teammates.
He showboats.
He floats sometimes.
If I were his coach, you know
what? I'd scratch the guy.
You were his coach? Oh man. Come on.
Scratch the number one player?
Now you're just being cranky.
Look, the only reason anyone's
even pushing this kid
is because he's from a tough
neighbourhood, North Preston.
Yeah. First black Nova Scotian
to make it to the NHL.
Look, you gotta admit.
That's a Cinderella
story right there.
Yeah. It's a fairytale.
That's the right word.
Fairytale.
A 9-year-old
metro girl has a new lease on life
thanks to surgery at the
Hospital for Sick Children.
Tracey Hooper was given...
Mattie! Carter! Breakfast!
You know they're
ripping us off, right?
I mean there is no way
that bill was $450.
I'm-I'm gonna talk to 'em.
Mm hmm.
Morning Mama.
Ah good morning baby.
Thank you.
Morning Dad.
Mattie.
The guys down at the
cement company keep asking
when you're gonna come
down to the office
and sign some of
your Junior A cards.
Whenever you want, Dad.
Now let's see if
he comes correct
over the next quote on cement.
Ah shit!
I got it.
How many inches in
five square feet?
720.
Thank you, Carter.
See boy?
Come work for me.
Slaughter and Son.
Your brains, my skills?
We'll make a killing.
Yeah. I'm out.
Where you going?
Mattie, come here.
Who's that?
I don't know.
Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm.
Oh okay.
So this is what you're pushing.
Yeah.
That guy give it to you?
Teddy'?
Uh huh.
Yeah he just let me hold it for a bit.
Well Christ, she sharp,
ain't it?
Yeah. I can't even lie.
It's pretty sweet.
For a pimp car.
Get in.
So that white man's promising
you the world, eh?
I haven't even signed
the contracts yet
and already he's got a
scout lined up to see me.
Yeah he's just drooling
about that money
he goin' make off ya, boy.
Yeah. You know what they say,
he's the best.
Yeah. Bullshitter.
Maybe.
But yeah, Mom and Dad,
they happy.
You know, Dad's
running around town
bragging about you and shit.
Hey. That's my boy.
Who?
You know, Mattie Slaughter.
Maybe he's got a right.
Yeah.
What? You got a new phone?
Uh business line.
Teddy! What's up?
What you saying?
Got ya.
What's up man? You good?
Carter.
Yeah man. I'm good.
Listen to this.
Yeah! There we go. You good?
I'm good.
Carter.
All right. Let's go.
Yo Holmes, to Bel Air.
This place never gonna change, boy.
It's high school for you.
Yeah.
Mm. Mm mm.
Look at all that sweetness.
Oh you like that, huh?
Oh I love it.
Hey-
. Hey-
Indiscernible Crawley.
What are you dressed
like that for girl?
It's asshole repellent.
She got you.
Yo fuck you.
Oh you wish.
Are we still on for lunch today?
Will you get the work done?
I'll see you at lunch.
Man, that girl is
a super freak, bro.
Skoo!
Choose that boy.
Man C, I gotta go.
All right. All right later.
You gonna pick me up from the rink later?
Don't know. Mm. What you saying?
Wanna go for a ride?
Special telescopes
to see things that human eyes can't.
For this picture, three
telescopes were used
and each picked up
a different type of light.
The guy at Tattoo Village
said he'd do us two for one.
I bet he did.
I'm not gonna get inked
by some rando dude.
My dad would torch his shit.
X-rays have a lot of energy
so when we look at the
universe in x-ray light,
we see some of the hottest gas
and the most
powerful explosions.
Infrared light is given off
by much cooler objects
than the stars.
So what's X?
Come on Indiscernible. You know this.
We went over this the other day.
I know.
Just give me a second.
If I didn't need
math to graduate,
I'd be telling algebra
to kiss my ass!
Okay. Here.
Indiscernible.
Hey. Um Mattie just...
we're just going
over some algebra.
Right. Are we gonna do this?
Dude. Relax.
Uh I'm sorry. I gotta go.
Are you still coming
to my home tonight?
Yeah.
Later gator.
Here. Don't lose this one.
I won't.
All the white ministers got
like three baby mammas
so I told my ma
hey, I'm gonna start going
to a white church.
I'm serious.
Don't gotta dress up.
Don't gotta listen to
no T.D. Jakes wannabe
put your business on the street.
You in and out in like thirty
minutes and they feed you.
Feed you?
Yeah. You know them little
wafers and the juice?
All right.
What are you gonna do
about the music though?
I say we bring them some
up home music, you know?
Show 'em how we do.
You forget how to walk?
You were in my way.
Just leave it, man.
No, no, no, no.
You were in my fucking way.
Dwight, let's get
out of here man.
Who the fuck you talking to man?
Hey. I'm going about my business
all of a sudden this
little fucking monkey
comes out of nowhere.
Hey. Say that shit again.
Todd, back up, man.
Say that shit again, huh?
You heard what I said.
I'm gonna fuck you up son.
I can say it again.
No, I'm gonna fuck you up.
Keep talking shit.
Dwight!
Miss Downey, you didn't
hear what this racist...
I do not care what he said.
My classroom now.
Both of you.
Ah come on.
Hey. Disperse.
Sit down.
That's my coat.
It's mine now. What are you gonna do?
Come on. Come on. Take it.
Give me my friggin' coat.
Why don't you make
me white girl?
Lay off her, Trina.
Mind your business.
Just walk away.
That's my jacket.
Give her her coat back.
What?
You think 'cause
your dad's a cop
I won't mess you up too?
Take your shot.
You know what?
Here.
It stinks anyway.
Let's go.
Half breed.
So what's the problem?
If this is a race thing,
it ends right now.
This is stupid shit.
Smarten up, boys.
What are you,
Martin Luther King?
Please Miss Downey,
you can't do nothing.
Can I go?
Sit down, Dwight.
You have anything to say?
I'm done with this.
I don't have to
explain myself to you.
Todd. Todd. I am talking to you.
- Don't you touch me.
Dwight, you can go.
Office.
Now.
Fuck forgetting it, Mom.
I'm not gonna lie for you.
I'm not gonna do it.
So what's up? Did you take...?
You don't want me to tell Dad
you're planning on leaving him.
That is the definition of a lie.
I'm gonna go.
Fuck!
Hey, hey. Hey.
What's wrong with your mom?
She's sketch, man.
You Okay?
I know my dad's not perfect.
Hey.
Listen to this.
It's brand new out
of Controller.
Yeah. Their shit is crazy.
I love this.
I'm gonna make it
my new ring tone.
Only for me.
Okay.
All right.
This shit's real.
Ape called my parents.
What?
I said the ape
called my parents.
The ape?
Miss Downey, dummy.
Hey Todd.
You're an idiot, Todd.
You talk such fucking nonsense.
I can't wait till you're in
our rear-view mirror, man.
Let's go.
Hey. Wait a second, man.
We gotta talk about the marina.
Shit. Right. Um
yeah tonight. Okay?
Whoa. Hold on.
I gotta let my dad know
by tomorrow, all right?
Or else they're gonna
hire someone...
You see this?
These guys are unbelievable.
Just-just leave it man.
No. Watch this.
Monkey, she don't want you.
What the fuck man?
Yeah what the fuck you gonna do about it?
You want to do
something about it?
Let's just go.
- You got a problem man?
- Fuck you, man.
He's being an idiot, J.
Let's go.
You want to do something about it?
You guys think you can
take whatever you want?
Fuck you, you piece of shit.
Yeah monkey!
Come on, come at me!
John!
John.
Jesus.
You're at that school to learn.
I can't believe you kids.
Mom, we were just
playing around.
No.
Once again you got wrapped
up in Todd's shit.
How many times have
I gotta tell you?
You get in trouble,
you don't have some fancy ass
lawyer father who can fix it.
Don't get sucked in.
Okay. Hey.
Look, all he did was
throw an empty can
at the guy's stupid car.
John.
Cars are like religion
to those people.
Cadillacs next to
plywood shacks.
Those guys,
they just love nothing
better than a fight.
That's it.
You just need to stay away from them.
Hey.
He was just defending himself.
He can't help it if those boys
from Preston act like savages.
And before you start,
me speaking the truth
doesn't make me racist.
Whoa, hey Mom.
Todd was the one who started it.
And those black boys don't know
how to turn the other cheek?
Well maybe the white boys
shouldn't start fights
they can't finish.
Of course you'd feel that way.
Okay.
You're good.
Clean yourself up.
Okay.
I gotta go to work.
Dinner's in the oven, love.
Thanks Mom.
Hey, come here.
Wow.
I'm sorry.
Your mom's a bitch.
Hey. Look, she's just upset.
She said some things...
She keeps talking this bullshit.
Okay. So what do
you want me to do?
You want me to tell my mom
what she can and cannot say
in her own house?
That should go over well.
I want you to stand up.
Whatever.
It's a good thing
I'm not pregnant.
No. Jay... Indiscernible.
Indiscernible, wait.
Your son is a star.
Mr. Jacobsen says I could
be the next Crosby.
Crosby, huh?
Don't you get a big head.
Ain't nobody putting your
ugly mug on a cereal box.
Thank you.
Endorsements will come.
That's a-that's a
whole other game.
Look.
A lifetime ago I was Mattie.
Well, maybe didn't have
those hands but, uh,
I know talent when I see it.
Mr. and Mrs. Slaughter,
there are a lot of living
rooms across this country
I could be seated in right now.
I've chosen to be here.
It's been a long time since
I've seen a kid skate
with the kind of speed,
power Mattie has.
Hurray today.
Man, whose ride is that?
Carter, this is Mr.
Jacobsen, the sports agent.
He flew in to see your brother.
Carter.
Okay.
So that's your ride.
Well it's a rental.
Carter.
Nice.
My bro sick on the ice,
ain't he?
Well that's why we're here.
Mm hmm.
So, uh, when I look at a
player I look for character.
Ah. The milk's spoiled.
Ma?
The fridge is fucked up.
Carter, just listen to
what the man has to say.
That's Mama's thing.
Look, it's nice to meet you boy
but let's just make
this paper, all right?
Look. He shoots.
Boom! Mattie scores.
Woo!
Well let's, uh, let's hope he
brings that enthusiasm
to the stands, huh?
I've already said this to Mattie
so I'll say it again here.
I know this work you've
put in has not been easy.
I know that's right.
My job now?
To place Matthew with a family,
the best NHL franchise
that will allow
all that hard work he's put in
over the last ten plus years,
the work you've done,
to pay off.
You want Mattie in the big city?
Some of these small towns here,
the other team's fans
throwing bananas on the ice
while he's playing.
I hear you,
but none of that will matter
when Mattie goes first round.
The press says top twenty.
It's the press.
Your son could be the
future of hockey.
I want to make sure
that happens for him,
for this family.
What do you say?
His life.
Mm hmm.
Well Mattie?
Uh yeah.
Yes.
We're gonna do amazing things together.
Thank you.
John, we'll...
we'll talk later.
Yeah.
Fine.
Sit down. Eat some dinner.
I know you got some questions
about what's been going on
between me and your mother.
She just needs some time,
that's all.
She's not coming back, Dad.
You expecting someone?
Mattie Slaughter.
Hi Mr. Crawley.
Can I help you?
Shit. Sorry.
I totally forgot he's supposed
to be tutoring me right now.
Uh is this a bad time?
Yeah actually I prefer...
No. No. It's fine.
You want to see me in
that cap and gown, right?
I gotta do this math thing.
Yeah. Well I gotta
go get ready so...
We'll be fine.
All right. We'll see you later.
Goodbye Mr. Crawley.
See ya.
Quit it.
You're making me nervous.
All right. Done.
You got it.
All right. Let's celebrate.
Go to the basement
and celebrate!
Sorry.
My dad's kind of
weird about that.
Does your, uh,
does your dad play?
No.
He has it in his mind that I'm
gonna be the next Sheila E.
Clive Davis, maybe.
What about Sharon Osbourne?
Definitely Clive.
You like this?
Yeah. Yeah, it's cool.
It's fucking real.
Yeah. I'm not feeling it.
Okay.
This is more your speed, huh?
Who's this?
Uh Henry Green.
Your dad is gonna kill me, Indiscernible.
No. Fraser will never know.
Besides, my dad likes you.
That Slaughter boy's really
going places, Indiscernible.
Why can't you bring
home someone like him?
S